# Disclaimer

The **Miralium Research BIOS Repository** is independently maintained and
developed by Miralium Research and the community for educational purposes only.
The content, challenges, and resources provided within this repository are the
result of collaborative efforts aimed at advancing the understanding and
application of BIOS firmware reverse engineering and modification.

Any company names, product names, trademarks, and service marks mentioned
within this repository, including but not limited to American Megatrends
International, AMIBIOS, Award Software International, Award Modular BIOS,
Intel, Gigabyte, and others, are the property of their respective owners. These
references are used solely for identification and educational purposes and do
not imply any endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with Miralium Research
or the authors of this repository.

Miralium Research and the authors contributing to this repository expressly
declare that they have no affiliation, association, endorsement, or sponsorship
with any of the companies mentioned. Furthermore, the use of these trademarks
and names in this repository does not imply any form of endorsement or support
by their respective owners.

The authors and contributors of the Miralium Research BIOS Repository make no
claim to the trademarks of any third parties referenced herein. All information
and content provided in this repository are presented as-is, without any
warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Users of this repository are
responsible for ensuring that their use of the information and challenges
complies with all relevant laws and regulations.

By using this repository, users acknowledge and agree to this disclaimer. Any
use of the repository's contents is at the user's own risk, and Miralium
Research and the contributors to this repository shall not be liable for any
direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages
arising in any way out of the use of the information contained within.